hey everyone it's red coming out with a
brand new video in this video I'm gonna
be showing you guys how to reduce input
lag dramatically in just two minutes
in fortnight Chapter two season two this
method will work for NVIDIA users
it might also work for AMD users but I
don't know how to do it so stick around
for the full video by the way guys if
this video helps you guys be sure to
leave a like down below and also comment
down below that it works for you so yeah
guys without any further ado let's dive
straight into the video ok guys so first
up go down into the description and
download the Nvidia profile inspector
with the Ragman tech profile this one
contains my personal profile so that you
guys don't have to worry about changing
a lot of things so just go ahead and
click on the link in the description
which will take you to this website then
click on download you should appear on
upload hub just wait for 5 seconds and
click on download now okay guys so once
you have downloaded it you will need
WinRAR to extract it
so install WinRAR right click on it and
click on extract here then open up this
folder we are not going to be using the
Nvidia inspector it's used to monitor
your graphics card but instead we are
gonna be using the Nvidia profile
inspector so just go ahead and right
click on it run it as administrator
and then click on the profile section
search for fortnight click on it then
simply let it load ok so once it loads
up click on the import user-defined
profiles import profiles and then click
on like no text and video profile click
on open ok ok guys so I have already
changed most of the settings the only
thing that you will need to change
because it depends on your PC specs is
under texture filtering texture
filtering Lourdes BIA SDX I have
personally set it to plus 1 because it
works great for me but you guys can go
ahead and change it from plus 1 to plus
3 obviously the higher you go the higher
will be your FPS the lower will be your
input lag but it will reduce your
textual quality as well so just go ahead
and change it to see which one works
best for you for me personally +1 is
working really great so I'm just gonna
leave it there and then click on apply
changes after that you can just close
out of it and now go into fortnight and
you will feel a lot of difference before
and after doing it doing this method
your input lag should be reduced by a
great amount so just go ahead and launch
into fortnight
ok guys by the way if any of these
changes don't work out for you or if you
want to revert them simply go into the
folder again into the Nvidia profile
inspector run it as again then you will
need to search for Fortnight again
then simply click on this and video
button which says restore current
profile to Nvidia's default and then
click on apply changes you can simply
close out of it so yeah guys that's it
for this video if this video helped you
guys be sure to leave a like down below
and subscribe to the channel for future
content use code like metric in the item
shop I will see you guys in the next one
until then stay awesome